# 30 Speeches in 30 Days, Speech 0: I'm Sorry

Hi, I'm Scott Johnson. I'm a state organizer for Indiana 50501 and I'm sorry and now let me explain.

I went to bed last night wondering how long it would be before I put my foot in my mouth and the answer is less than three hours.

Let me explain 

50501 -- both National and particularly Indiana are not political professionals

We are as I like to say just folk.

And if you think that's a firefly reference you are right. 

Mal is one of my favorite characters in all of fiction but I digress.

Now as I was saying, we are just folk.

And that means we -- PARTICULARLY ME -- will get things wrong.

As I apparently did when I had a flyer put out that said:

NO DAMN SPEAKERS

Yes.  Those were my words.  I'll admit it.

And I'll say it again

I'm sorry

50501 Indiana -- we are just folk -- we have no advisers. 

We have no image consultants

We have no word smiths

We are just doing our best

And, last night, I put my foot in my mouth.

And now here's the explanation

Last night we found out that 50501 National is only promoting 1 event in May: 

May Day

And our reaction was one of shock, dismay and betrayal

Our honest reaction was F that

And we honestly responded with defiance

We are now doing three events this month:

5 / 1 -- This is a full on protest with speakers and the whole 9 years

5 / 17 -- This is something new -- we have called it internally "The Social"

5 / 25 -- Another full on protest

And here is why I'm saying I'm sorry

We needed to make a flier to promote 5/17 quickly and I am the idjit -- and yes that's a Supernatural reference -- 

that said to use the phrase "No Damn Speakers"

And why would I say that?  

Why would the guy who is the damn MC AND a speaker himself say that?

Humor people

It was tongue in cheek humor

The 50501  brand is basically irreverence

Come on -- we are a bunch of media nerds

We say we are the resistance 

We proudly style ourselves that

The only reason we don't call ourselves the rebels instead of the resistance is it would probably land all of us in jail more quickly

Now, today, that irreverence has bitten me hard
 The only point I was trying to make was that this was a DIFFERENT TYPE OF EVENT
 That's it.

It wasn't a slam at speakers IN ANY WAY

We were simply trying to say that this event was DIFFERENT

Now personally I wanted to call it a picnic but people were afraid that a thousand plus of our closest friends would show up and expect to be fed

And we can't afford to do that 

Flat out.  We can't afford that

Then I wanted to call it a social (which is what we are calling it) but that was a bit ambiguous 
 So I said those fateful words "No Damn Speakers".

It was tongue in cheek

And, on reflection, I was stupid and I was wrong to say it that way and I'm sorry.

That was the very last decision that was made in a 1 hour and 22 standup meeting -- the second standup meeting of the evening by the way

I gave the words, Tori made the flier, I put it out 

Others put it out 

And I moved on to write a small bit of code before the next crisis arrived 

(Which actually had arrived 2 hours earlier in a message I just didn't read until 1 hour and 11 minutes after my call ended)

That next crisis will be the topic of a different speech -- perhaps.

So the end result here is I tried to be on brand and funny and I offended people

And I apologize

Let me close with some words that I wrote in our Indiana 50501 main chat

If you are on our Signal group chat, that's the one with the Corn Emoji and the Race Car Emoji:

And if I can suggest one general thing to 

**EVERYONE ONLINE**

If we could start with the underlying assumption that everyone here

is an ally and of good faith that might make things go more smoothly.


I personally like to believe that people have good hearts but are basically

busy and self interested / sometimes lazy.


If you take that approach to life it tend to make things easier because you tend to 

not take things as strongly.

That's my last Dad moment for today.  I love all of you.  Let's get this done.

11:18 AM

Another way to say this **never assume malice when incompetence will explain it**

I made a mistake people.  I love our speakers.  I tried to be funny and I failed.

And I'm sorry












